Add numeric separators for all numeric literal types (#186)
codingjoe/esupgrade: README.md

```diff
-const budget = 1000000;
-const maxUsers = 1000000n;
-const mask = 0xabcdef;
-const flags = 0b1010000111000011;
+const budget = 1_000_000;
+const maxUsers = 1_000_000n;
+const mask = 0xab_cd_ef;
+const flags = 0b10100001_11000011;
```

esupgrade transforms decimal integer and bigint literals with at least five digits using groups of three.
Hexadecimal literals with at least three digits are grouped by byte (two hex digits).
Binary literals with at least nine bits are grouped by byte (eight bits).

> Fractional, exponential, octal, and already formatted literals are left unchanged.

Reviewer: The text is not needed. The only interesting information would be the grouping, by either bytes or thousands.

```diff
-const budget = 1000000;
-const maxUsers = 1000000n;
-const mask = 0xabcdef;
-const flags = 0b1010000111000011;
-const ratio = 100000.25;
-const large = 1e100000;
+const budget = 1_000_000;
+const maxUsers = 1_000_000n;
+const mask = 0xab_cd_ef;
+const flags = 0b10100001_11000011;
+const ratio = 100_000.25;
+const large = 1e100_000;
```

> Decimal integers and float integer parts are grouped by thousands; hex and binary by byte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decimal numericals are grouped by thousands; hex and binary by byte.
```
